<div xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><h2>Vaccination Protocol Dose Status Reason codes</h2><div><p>A bunch of example codes</p>
</div><p>This code system http://www.fhir.org/guides/ig-template/CodeSystem/doseStatusReason-codes defines the following codes:</p><table class="codes"><tr><td><b>Code</b></td><td><b>Display</b></td><td><b>Definition</b></td></tr><tr><td>Reason1<a name="doseStatusReason-codes-Reason1"> </a></td><td>Expired</td><td>Vaccine Dose Administered was administered after the Lot Number Expiration Date.</td></tr><tr><td>Reason2<a name="doseStatusReason-codes-Reason2"> </a></td><td>Ineffective</td><td>Vaccine Dose Administered was deemed to be ineffective or sub-potent. (e.g. recalled, cold-chain break, partially administered).</td></tr><tr><td>Reason3<a name="doseStatusReason-codes-Reason3"> </a></td><td>AgeTooOld</td><td>Vaccine Dose Administered was administered at too old of an age.</td></tr><tr><td>Reason4<a name="doseStatusReason-codes-Reason4"> </a></td><td>AgeTooYoung</td><td>Vaccine Dose Administered was administered at too young of an age.</td></tr><tr><td>Reason5<a name="doseStatusReason-codes-Reason5"> </a></td><td>IntervalTooShort</td><td>Vaccine Dose Administered was administered too soon following a previous dose.</td></tr><tr><td>Reason6<a name="doseStatusReason-codes-Reason6"> </a></td><td>LiveVirusConflict</td><td>Vaccine Dose Administered was administered too close to another vaccine (e.g. live virus conflict).</td></tr><tr><td>Reason7<a name="doseStatusReason-codes-Reason7"> </a></td><td>LessThenRecommended</td><td>Vaccine Dose Administered amount was less than the recommended amount.</td></tr><tr><td>Reason8<a name="doseStatusReason-codes-Reason8"> </a></td><td>InadvertentVaccine</td><td>Vaccine Product was administered outside of an acceptable age range</td></tr><tr><td>Reason9<a name="doseStatusReason-codes-Reason9"> </a></td><td>SeriesAlreadyComplete</td><td>Patient has already completed the vaccination schedule</td></tr></table></div>